README.md, before:

# About

Subber is a cli tool and library for reading,
writing and manipulating .srt subtitle files written in Go

### Features

- Processes .srt and .ssa subtitles
- Generates a cleaned up .srt
- Outputs utf8 text

### Why?

While VLC may swallow all kinds of odd subtitles, not all software
are so forgiving. So, sometimes "some other software" needs a cleaned
up .srt, and the `subber` cli app automates this task.



# Installation

Assuming golang is installed on your system:


For the subber tool:
```bash
go install github.com/martinlindhe/subber/subber
```

For the ssa2srt tool:
```bash
go install github.com/martinlindhe/subber/ssa2srt
```


# Usage

To download subtitles for a video file:

```bash
$ subber movie.mp4

Downloading subs for movie.mp4 ...
Cleaning sub movie.srt ...
Removing caption 82 [== sync, corrected by <font color="#00FF00">elderman</font> ==]
Written to movie.srt
```

Some additional flags (use `-h` for full list) includes:

  * `--keep-ads` do not remove advertising segments from the processesed sub
  * `--dont-touch` write sub as-is (downloaded are processed by default)`
  * `--skip-backups` by default, a .org file is created for every modified .srt
  * `--language="sv"` Specify another language, English subtitles is the default


Remove ads from an existing .srt file:

```bash
$ subber subtitle.srt

Removing caption 21 [<font color="#FFFF00"> Captions by VITAC  </font><font color="#00FFFF"> www.vitac.com</font>]
```

Strip html tags from .srt:

```bash
$ subber subtitle.srt --filter="html"

[html] <i>And there's a lot of it there.</i> -> And there's a lot of it there.
```

Normalize capitalization in .srt:

```bash
$ subber subtitle.srt --filter="caps"

[caps] INTRODUCING -> Introducing
[caps] right, to go? -> Right, to go?
```

A backup of the modified .srt file is created as .srt.org by default. To disable this behaviour, add the `--skip-backups` flag


Convert a .ssa to .srt:

```bash
$ ssa2srt subtile.ssa
```


# Contributing

Patches welcome!

Some ideas, in no particular order:

- automatically convert downloaded .ssa files to .srt, needs looksLikeSrt() and looksLikeSsa()
- expose thesubdb.com search api
- filter: spell fixer
- filter: remove hearing aid tags [DOOR OPENS]
- make -v (verbose mode) have any effect

- maybe .sub reader and converter to .srt
    - crappy frame-based format, but useful to be able to convert away from
    - requires specifying a frame rate


# License

BSD

Commit message:

fix up the packaging, move ssa2srt tool to separate project

README.md, after:

# About

Subber is a cli tool and library for reading,
writing and manipulating .srt subtitle files written in Go


### Features

- Processes .srt and .ssa subtitles
- Cleans up the captions
- Optionally remove html tags or fix capitalization
- Outputs utf8 subtitle in the popular .srt format


### Why?

While VLC may swallow all kinds of odd subtitles, not all software
are so forgiving. So, sometimes "some other software" needs a cleaned
up .srt, and the `subber` cli app automates this task.


# Installation

Assuming golang is installed on your system:

```
go install github.com/martinlindhe/subber
```


# Usage

To download subtitles for a video file:

```
$ subber movie.mp4

Downloading subs for movie.mp4 ...
Cleaning sub movie.srt ...
Removing caption 82 [== sync, corrected by <font color="#00FF00">elderman</font> ==]
Written to movie.srt
```

Some additional flags (use `-h` for full list) includes:

  * `--keep-ads` do not remove advertising segments from the processesed sub
  * `--dont-touch` write sub as-is (downloaded are processed by default)`
  * `--skip-backups` by default, a .org file is created for every modified .srt
  * `--language="sv"` Specify another language, English subtitles is the default


Remove ads from an existing .srt file:

```
$ subber subtitle.srt

Removing caption 21 [<font color="#FFFF00"> Captions by VITAC  </font><font color="#00FFFF"> www.vitac.com</font>]
```

Strip html tags from .srt:

```
$ subber subtitle.srt --filter="html"

[html] <i>And there's a lot of it there.</i> -> And there's a lot of it there.
```

Normalize capitalization in .srt:

```
$ subber subtitle.srt --filter="caps"

[caps] INTRODUCING -> Introducing
[caps] right, to go? -> Right, to go?
```


# Contributing

Patches welcome!

Some ideas, in no particular order:

- automatically convert downloaded .ssa files to .srt, needs looksLikeSrt() and looksLikeSsa()
- expose thesubdb.com search api
- filter: spell fixer
- filter: remove hearing aid tags [DOOR OPENS]
- make -v (verbose mode) have any effect

- maybe .sub reader and converter to .srt
    - crappy frame-based format, but useful to be able to convert away from
    - requires specifying a frame rate


# License

BSD
